Great. So you have gone through a big procedure of all those procedures.
Let's go over a solution to the exercise.
For this exercise, we again use the public data set provided by
the State of California that uses ICD10 codes for hospital inpatient encounters.
However, this time we use the data set for
ICD10-PCS codes since they apply to procedures.
So let's load up the data set and gets started.
Before I go into the solution,
let's analyze the data set schema again and look at the data frame example,
and look at a sample,
you can see that the ICD10 codes is there,
as well as the description of that code.
The next three columns, you can see the total number of
procedures as well as the primary and secondary procedures.
Again, these are aggregate counts for the annual information in the State of California.
Now we're ready to look at the solution.
So in this case,
we will search for coronary artery in the description and see what codes come up.
We'll use a string contains method again,
and this gives a variety of results with different categories.
For the next part,
we will look at the percentage of codes grouped with B.
We use the startsWith method,
and unfortunately the weighted number is only 4.5 percent.
This illustrates the challenges of grouping procedure codes with a character.
Now to the last part,
we want to find a grouping that can select codes that better represent
the encounters that are coming in each year for this type of condition.
This exercise is intended to illustrate the challenges of
grouping since it might seem simple because of the structure.
However, this last part illustrates there's a little complexity to it.
To solve this last part,
let's come up with the possible three-letter combinations that we can use.
So here are the three-letter combinations that exist
for the coronary subset that we created.
Next, we will calculate using
the same startsWith method to
determine the three-letter code with the highest percentage.
Now you can see the correct answer.
Be careful that you're using the secondary procedure code for this question.
You might pick the wrong field.
So if you look at the different three-letter code combinations,
you can see that 0-7 had the highest number of percentage codes grouped.
Now that you've done this exercise,
you can better appreciate the challenges of grouping procedure codes.